**fav icon
What is a Nodejs?
Ans :- Node.js is a javaScript runtime built on Chrome's V8 javaScript engine.
    Nodejs is a javaScript runtime on the server.

console.log(): work in runtime envoirment, it's not javascript official code, chrome v8 
    engine support console.log()

REPL: tHE REPL feature of Node is very useful in experimenting with Nodejs codes and to
    debug javaScript codes.

    Read->Reads user's input , pareses the input into javaScript and data-structure,
    and stores in memory.

    Eval-> Takes and evaluates the data-structure.

    Print-> Prints the result.

    Loop-> Loops the above command until the user presses ctrl-c twics.
    
require("fs")
append data in file=fs.appendFileSync("read.txt", "how are you i am fine")
nodejs includes an additional data type called Buffer
Buffer is mainy used to store binary data

Nodejs web server:
    To acces web pages of any web application, you need a web server.
    the web server will handle all the http requests for the web application
    e.g IIS is web server for ASP.NET web application and Appache is eb server for PHP or java web applications.

    Nodejs provides capabilties to create your own web server whitch will handle HTTP requests asynchronously. you can use web server

HTTP module: Create Node.js Web Server
    Node.js makes it easy to create a simple web server that processes incoming requests asynchronously.
    require: for aqqure for module,
    createServer((req, res))// for createing server
    lsiten: // listng for port number
Expressjs is a Nodejs fremework.it's the most popular framework as of now (the most starred on NPM)

Routing: url:// for finding for routing url

JSON stands for javaScript Object notation. JSON is a lightweight format for strong and transporting data.
JSON is often used when data is sent from a server to a web pages.

API is the acronym for application programing interface, which is a software intermedating that allows
    two application to talk to each other. each time you see an app like facebook send an instant message
    , check the weather on your phone, you're usin an api

Events: the concept is quit simple: emitter objects emit named events that cause previously registred listerns
    to be called. so, an emitter object basically has two main features:
    Emiting name events.
    registrering and unregistering listner functions.

Nodejs Streams: Streams are objects that let you read from a source or write data to a destination in 
    continous fashion. In Nodejs there are four types of streams-
    Readable - Stream which is used for read operation,

    Writable - -Stream which is used for write operation,

    Duplex - Stream which can be used for both read and write operation,

    Transformation - A ype of duplex stream where the output is computed based on input

    Ech type of stream is an EventEmitter instance and throws servel events at diffrent
    instance of times. for exp: some of the commmonly used events are-
    
    data - This event is fired when there is no more data to read.

    error - This event is fired when there is any error receving or writting data

    finish - This event is fired when all the data has been flushed to underlaying system


    ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

    Expressjs is a Nodejs fremework.it's the most popular framework as of now (the most starred on NPM)

Expressjs is a web application framework that provides you with a simple API to build webkitRequestAnimationFrame, web apps and back ends

Why do we actually need Expressjs ? How it is useful for us to use with Node.js

1st step: if not camalCase in folder name: npm -y, else: npm init

install: npm install express --save

the callback function has 2 parameter request(req) and response(res).
the request object(req) represents the HTTP request and 
has property for the request query string, parameters, body, HTTP headers, etc

similerly, the responce object represents the HTTP responce
that the express app sends when it receives an HTTP request

Express Routing : 

serving static files in Express:to serve static files such as images, CSS files, and 
javaScript files, use the express.static built-in middle ware function in Express

    const express  = require('express')
    const app = express();
    express.static(root,[options])
    const path = =require('path')
    const staticPath= path..join(__dirname, "../public");
    app.get

Tamplate engines:(Pug, hbs, EJS) its use for add dynamic data